README.md, before:

# BCC Code Run

## Running Locally

Run `docker-compose up --build`  
Visit http://localhost:5125/


## Running With Visual Studio

Debug using the "docker-compose" profile.

## Working with Data in Directus

1. Visit http://localhost:5127/
2. Log in with admin@admin.com / password
3. Navigate to Settings -> Data Model and make the relevant collections visible

### Accessing Database

1. Visit: http://localhost:5126/
2. Log in with: admin@admin.com / password
3. Right click "Servers"->Register->Server...
4. Add following parameters
   1. Name: bcc-code-run
   2. (Under connection)
     * Host name: `host.docker.internal` (on windows, can also try localhost on other platforms)
     * Port: `5432`
     * Username: `admin`
     * Password: `password`
5. Database tables can be found under `bcc-code-run->Schemas->public`

## Adding Database Migrations

In api/:

`dotnet tool install --global dotnet-ef`  
`dotnet ef migrations add [Migration Name]`

Migrations are automatically applied when the a new version of the application is deployed.

Commit message:

Build API docker in API folder
Avoids including frontend and all other files

README.md, after:

# BCC Code Run

## Running Locally

Run `docker-compose up --build`  
Visit http://localhost:5125/swagger

## Running frontend
Run `yarn && yarn run dev` in frontend folder   
Run `dotnet run` in Reverse Proxy folder   
Visit https://localhost:7298/

This is required to get HTTPS to work, which is required for cookies

## Running With Visual Studio

Debug using the "docker-compose" profile.

## Working with Data in Directus

1. Visit http://localhost:5127/
2. Log in with admin@admin.com / password
3. Navigate to Settings -> Data Model and make the relevant collections visible

### Accessing Database

1. Visit: http://localhost:5126/
2. Log in with: admin@admin.com / password
3. Right click "Servers"->Register->Server...
4. Add following parameters
   1. Name: bcc-code-run
   2. (Under connection)
     * Host name: `host.docker.internal` (on windows, can also try localhost on other platforms)
     * Port: `5432`
     * Username: `admin`
     * Password: `password`
5. Database tables can be found under `bcc-code-run->Schemas->public`

## Adding Database Migrations

In api/:

`dotnet tool restore`  
`dotnet ef migrations add [Migration Name]`

Migrations are automatically applied when the a new version of the application is deployed.
